Welcome to Apache::SetWWWTheme!  This file is a brief intro into getting
this module up and running on your system.  There are a few requirements:

1) a unixish operating system.  I developed on Solaris 2.6, and have
tested it on Linux.  I don't foresee and sort of problems running it on
any other unix.  VMS and/or Windows might be tricky though -- I'm quite
clueless about other operating systems. If you can get it going on these
platforms, please tell me!

2) The Apache webserver

3) The mod_perl Apache module.

4) Finally, and MOST IMPORTANTLY -- you must have HTML::WWWTheme
installed.  This module is also written by Chad Hogan (that's me) and
it's designed to do most of the backend work for this module, and to
provide a lower-level tool that CGI programmers can use when writing
programs for a website with Apache::SetWWWTheme installed. 

HTML::WWWTheme is available from the same place you got
Apache::SetWWWTheme.  It can be found at CPAN.  Also, if you really get
stuck, contact me directly (chogan@uvastro.phys.uvic.ca) and I'll set you
up.  

*********************************************

INSTALLATION:
------------

Installation is very simple.  First, install and compile Perl 5 and
Apache with mod_perl.  I'll leave that part up to you.  Once you've got
this going to your satisfaction, you'll be on your way.

1) Install HTML::WWWTheme.  

	-download and automatically install this module from CPAN
	 using the usual:
	
	  perl -MCPAN -e shell;	

	once you're in the shell, type 'h' and you'll get some help.

   or...
	
	-download the source code for HTML::WWWTheme

	-gunzip/untar the package somewhere

	-go into the WWWTheme directory and run:

	  perl Makefile.PL;
	  make;
	  make test;
	  make install;

	Hopefully all will go well, and it will install without a hitch.
	Naturally, you'll need to run "make install" as a privileged
	user with permissions to write to your site_perl directory.  

2) gunzip and untar this package.  Obviously, you've gotten this far or
you wouldn't be reading this.  :^)

3) Check out Makefile.PL.  If you understand it, and you know what you're
doing, you might want to edit it.  If you don't, that's ok.  Perl will
probably take care of the details for you.  

4) Run 

  perl Makefile.PL;
  make;
  make test;
  make install;

in the SetWWWTheme directory.  If all goes well, nothing bad will happen.
If you -really- can't get it installed, just copy the SetWWWTheme.pm file
into a perl library directory
(/usr/lib/perl5/site_perl/5.005/Apache/SetWWWTheme.pm for example).  It
must be in an Apache directory, whatever the case.  If you can't get it
installed, email me and I'll help (chogan@uvastro.phys.uvic.ca)

6) Ok, we've got it in -- we just need to get it running.  Edit your
httpd.conf file and add in the following (edited to suit your site)

 <Location /somewhere>
	SetHandler perl-script
	PerlHandler Apache::SetWWWTheme
	PerlSetVar CONFIG_FILE /WWW/Configuration
 </Location>

You'll need to edit that to suit your particular tree.  "/somewhere"
should be a subtree in your web directory.  If you want the module to
affect the entire web tree, just put <Location />.  You can do as many of
these <Location [subtree]> directives as you want.  Apache will handle
them all.  You'll also need to change the CONFIG_FILE value from
"/WWW/Configuration" to point to the name of the configuration file for
that particular location.  It can be whatever (and wherever)  you want it
to be, but the path must be a path on the real filesystem (ie not
relative to the webserver document root). 

If you would like to allow browsers access to printable versions of the
pages, then create an alias and a location block to allow this.  Make sure
you name the alias and location directives the same as the name you gave
to the PRINTABLE_ROOT variable.  In this case, we've used "/printable".

Alias /printable "/documentroot/somewhere"

<Location /printable>
	SetHandler perl-script
	PerlHandler Apache::SetWWWTheme
        PerlSetVar PRINTABLE 1
 </Location>	

You *must* set the PRINTABLE variable to something that perl will evaluate
as true.  1 is safe and recommended.  This puts the module into a very
specific mode -- all the module does is strip out <A HREF..> and </A> links
and display the page.  This allows browsers to produce a simple, unthemed
page suitable for printing.  The links are stripped out to discourage 
people from consistently browsing within the "/printable" directory, which
is simply an alias to the "somewhere" document tree as a whole.  


7) Copy the templates from the SetWWWTheme/templates directory to their
respective locations.  I recommend doing this:

	-copy SetWWWTheme/templates/Configuration to your apache 
	 document root, and calling it "Configuration".  So, if your 
	 web document root is /WWW/apache/htdocs, then copy this template
	 to /WWW/apache/htdocs/Configuration

	-update your httpd.conf <Location> tag CONFIG_FILE so that it
	 says 

          PerlSetVar CONFIG_FILE /WWW/apache/htdocs/Configuration

	-copy SetWWWTheme/templates/LookAndFeelConfig to any subdirectory
	 in your webtree.  If you like, put it in the document root.

	-edit Configuration and LookAndFeelConfig until you're happy with
	 them.  Read the pod or the manpage to figure out what all the
	 directives do (if you can't figure it out by playing with it)

	-take a look at the SetWWWTheme/templates/example.html file to
	 see how you embed directives into HTML files.  You could even
	 copy it to a directory and test it out.  

	-fire up Apache and test it out!

Hopefully, this should get you rolling.  If you can't figure it out, drop
me an email (chogan@uvastro.phys.uvic.ca) and I'll help you out.  
